MUMT301-2020 Assignment 1
QUESTIONNAIRE!

The following questionnaire seeks to understand your previous knowledge about some of the concepts that we will learn in class during the coming term.

1. Do you know any programming languages? If you do, which ones?

2. What is your primary computer operating system (OS)?

3. Do you own a smartphone, tablet, or mobile device? What is your favourite OS for mobile devices?

4. Do you use any social networking services? If you do, which ones? Why?

5. Expand the following acronyms and do research about their meaning. You may look them up if you don't know:

    HTTP: 
    REST:     
    API:

6. Do you play a musical instrument or sing? If so, how much experience do you have?

7. Can you read music notation? If so, how well?

8. How large is your personal music collection? Estimate the number of artists, albums, and songs. If instead you listen to music using streaming services, how many playlists, artists, albums, and songs do you have in your account?

9. How do you search and find new music?

10. Implement a script in your favourite programming language that takes numbers as its input until it receives the command "done." When it reads "done," print out the average of all the numbers that were input.

If you don't know a programming language, write out all the steps you would need to accomplish the same task.

Example: if we were writing a piece of software that took ingredients of a recipe and then, when it received the word "end" it printed the ingredients out, our steps might look like this:

    1. Input ingredients
    2. If input is not "end" add the ingredient to the ingredient list
    3. Go to step 1.
    4. If input is "end" print each ingredient in the ingredient list,
    5. Exit.

11. What is Git?

12. What is GitHub? Do you have an account? If you do not, create one. Provide your username.

13. Are you aware of any ways in which artists are dealing with public performances post-COVID? Do you think live performances are essential to your musical experience?

14. Name two musical artists that you like. What do you find interesting about their music that makes you like them?
